bearing the scars of this war floor to
ceiling the walls of the al-al hospital
are barely
standing for Dr arram and his teams it's
not reason to give up
hope we are trying to get the hospital
running with what is possible and as you
can see thank God everyone is making a
big effort to work together given how
much damage there
is we are trying to get the beds now so
we can clean
them hospitals receive special
protection under international
law that status did not stop Israeli
troops from attacking this hospital with
artillery later surrounding the comound
and arresting medical
staff it's been out of service ever
since they damag because of the behavior
of the Israeli Army in the hospital they
destroy everything in the hospital
mainly the third floor as well
as radiology
department now the healthc Care
Facilities is slowly being brought back
to life with one call in mind to bring
patients back the need is urgent there
are viral infections and cases of
malnutrition among the death placed and
at least 10,000 cancer patients could
die if not provided proper
treatment of gaza's 36 hospitals only 10
are still partially functional above the
debris the sign of alal hospital is
still intact it means hope in Arabic
something these medical workers have not
forgotten almost 500 medical workers
have been killed inside the Gaza Strip
since the start of the war putting more
pressure on healthc care system that
tens of thousands of death placed people
in the south of Gaza relon tar abum Al
jazer Rafa Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer